website/integrations: add warning to all SAML integration guides (#22569)
goauthentik/authentik: website/integrations/chat-communication-collaboration/chatgpt/index.mdx

### Create an application and provider in authentik

:::warning SAML provider changes in authentik 2026.5

> authentik 2025.6 introduces changes to how the SAML provider behaves. Specifically, the provider now automatically sets the **Issuer** value to: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/metadata/`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
authentik 2026.5 introduces changes to how the SAML provider behaves. Specifically, the provider now automatically sets the **Issuer** value to: `https://authentik.company/application/saml/<application_slug>/metadata/`
```
